Migration from `github.com/Shopify/sarama` to `github.com/IBM/sarama` (#4090)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/httptrace/otelhttptrace`
  - `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`
- Do not modify the origin request in RoundTripper in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp`. (#4033)

> - Migration from `github.com/Shopify/sarama` to `github.com/IBM/sarama`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated dependency of `github.com/Shopify/sarama` in `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/github.com/IBM/sarama/otelsarama` to `github.com/IBM/sarama` so as to match the upstream package rename. (#4090)
```
